hi my name is val do sul
electrician
I'm doing the experiment here a mini
generator I am using
the engine here is two printer
printers such a panel lamp
motorcycle is 12 volts
the crimping fan motor is
for the refrigerator to be able to make
how general become wine here
This generator is the source of this printer motor.
that I know how the generator goes
generate power and through these cables that
positive you will have access to a
also 12 volts here and I go
connect the motor to electrical power
to be able to do what we have here
an attraction in the most
the generator to work to make it
an experiment on how it worked and
let's do a test for you to
Observe how the error is working
call here ménage now fight here
Turned and our note comes here is already
I'm going by the parade ground, I'm going
now test that the will of what is
generating
I have this energy here in the
range of 20 and continuous gauge
I put it at the wrong time because the sale
occurs continuously
so let's see how it works
what we think it is generating
in ten points and 65 volts
so that's why she's a little reddish
at that time it is 12 volts
then it is from stock exchange generating 10 then
she's thinking energy that is
arriving at it is low is more sufficient
for clarity the luminosity of it
clear one hundred
this energy generator which is a
printer motor that I took
of the old printer that I had that
motor here is the fan motor
freeze role of making the attraction just for
you will work it up
So what do I want to do in the future?
I want to do the future, I already made the request
some magnets in the free market does not
to be able to make this zygene generator
it will rotate automatically without the
need to turn on the power
I'm going to do a process here that I do not
rotate continuously without stopping
work through magnetic emission
he will run magnetic medical I will do
this operation will not use this ok button
so this is the first video
it and if you like it that in the video there
for me it 's me I'll be posting a video
after you have made one with the other
other traction system that will be
through magnetic sound , right?
josé through but when I do I will
show you there we you see it
as you
in the beginning, my name is fake
maintenance electrician installations
electrical
I am currently working with
employee but at the moment the gap is
An experiment for you, thank you.